Up to this point,
we've only accessed AWS via the AWS management console in a web browser.
But you can also access your AWS account via the command line interface or CLI.
The AWS CLI allows you to access and control services running in
your AWS account from the command line for Windows or from a terminal window for Mac.
There are some instances where features are available through
the CLI but not through the AWS management console.
In my experience, the features that are unavailable via
the AWS management console eventually make their way there.
To use the CLI,
you simply download, install, and configure it.
You may find that you prefer using the CLI instead of
the AWS management console to control services in your account.